Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Please let me get in.
Finley sinclair?
Yes!
Is that you?
Yeah.
How'd it go?
So much for prayers.
Oh. honey.
You can still audition
one more time in the fall.
Come here. come here. come here.
I know.
You might need to
think about a plan b.
Maybe what you need
is a change of scenery.
Maybe I can try that semester
abroad program that Alex did.
I'd like to
welcome you on this flight
to Dublin. Ireland.
It will take us approximately
six hours and ten minutes
of flight time.
Hey. there's an extra seat
in first class
if you want it.
It's a long flight to Ireland.
- Yes. please.
- Come on.
Have fun.
Magazine. magazine.
Yeah. thank you.
Sir. your friend needs to
put her seat belt on.
Yeah. thanks.
As much as I'd love
a beautiful girl
drooling on my shoulder.
you better buckle up.
I'm. I'm. I'm so sorry. uh.
And don't worry.
your snoring is cute.
I'm-I'm so sorry.
I don't. I didn't even think
I would fall asleep.
It's not something I.
Beckett rush? - Shhh. Geez.
I've gotten this far without
being bothered. all right.
Look. if you keep quiet.
I'll give you
an autograph or something
when we land.
Just. no body parts.
I stopped doing that
a while ago.
Ewwl
flight attendant
probably thought
she was making your year
seating you next to me.
We can do a selfie
or something.
just when we land. All right.
I don't want to attract
any attention right now.
I really don't want
anything from you.
Somebody's grumpy
when they wake up.
No. but. Arrogance
makes me grumpy.
Well. some people mistake
confidence for arrogance.
I'm pretty sure
it's just arrogance.
I know your type.
So. since you know my name.
I think it's only fair
that I know yours.
Finley sinclair.
And what brings you to Ireland.
Finley sinclair?
A semester abroad program
at my college.
My brother did this a few
years ago. and he loved it.
Changed his whole life.
Maybe it'll work for me.
Hmmm. So you have issues?
Hmm. Life can be tough
outside of the celebrity bubble.
You know. in the real world.
A bit of advice for you.
Hmmm.
You might wanna brush up
on your people skills
if you're gonna make it
in a small Irish town.
Oh!
And. um. are you an expert
on small towns in Ireland?
Yeah. I am. actually.
We've shot three
dawn of the dragon movies there.
About to shoot number four.
Hmm.
Touche. I sit corrected.
You know.
you look really beautiful
when you admit
that you're wrong.
Yeah. I didn't like
that article either.
Ba-bye!
Bye!
Whoa!
You any good on that thing?
Uh. Not good enough.
But. I'm going to be
practicing a lot while I'm here.
and working
on a new audition piece.
Sounds boring.
but suit yourself.
Who knows. maybe we'll
run into each other
in a pub somewhere. spindly?
It's Finley.
and I seriously doubt that.
Well. I hope you find
what you're looking for.
And maybe even a little bit
of fun. while you're at it.
Welcome to Ireland.
Felicity sinclair.
It's.
Peace out.
Have a nice trip. Bye. bye.
Okay. never mind.
Oh. my gosh. it's Beckett.
Will you sign this for me?
All right. okay. one at a time.
Finley!
Oh!
Hey you. - Mwah!
Oh! You look exactly
like your picture.
Emma?
“We're sisters for four months.
Okay. it's nice to meet you.
too.
I heard Beckett rush
is at the airport.
His new movie is like
the biggest thing
that has ever happened
in carlingford.
Do you like him?
Ahem. you know.
a little too cocky for me.
I love him. Fact!
Hello. Finley!
- Hi!
- It is so good to have you.
We just loved your brother.
He was one of the family.
And now you are. too.
The good news
is that we inherited
a bed and breakfast
three months ago.
Sean has retired from the army.
and we're runnin' it together.
We're still trying
to figure it all out.
Come on. everyone.
let's get goin'
before we get into
the second hour in the car park.
I'll get your luggage.
Thank you.
I can get this at least.
Take this.
J well I taste the darkness as
it it scours through my soul &
j and I try to escape it
but it swallowed me whole &
j I try to invade it
by runnin' away on it j
j filling my mind
with furious things j
this town might be
a wee bit small
for a New York girl.
but we'll get you out
to show you
the rest of the country soon.
I can't wait to see it all.
The old castles.
the cliffs of moher.
My brother used to talk about
that place all the time.
We'll take you all over.
That would be amazing.
J find home and save my soul
J find home save my soul j
here we are.
Emma. go show Finley
to her room.
I'll give you
the full tour later.
There's a trampoline
around the back.
If you jump high enough.
you can see into the next-door
neighbor's bathroom.
Don't worry. all the guests
are at the other side
of the house.
You can play your violin
up here anytime.
No one will hear ya.
This is my room.
Mom thought
that you'd like your own one.
But yours has the best views.
My nan used to live in it.
She actually died there.
I wouldn't be scared about that.
Obviously. I'm around the corner
if you ever wanna talk.
do nails. sister things.
Leave her alone. Emma.
Finley needs some rest.
She has her orientation
in the mornin'.
Out!
- Good morning. Finley.
- [Finley hey!
- Did you sleep well?
- All right.
So. we're just busy
serving the guests.
Pour yourself some tea.
Sean'll cook you some eggs.
Coming right up!
I need to get my hair to behave.
Emma. you mustn't go out there!
I don't want you
disturbing the guests.
Last time. I found her
chatting on for half an hour
with one of the guests
about her earthworm collection.
I have a passion for biology.
They don't need to hear
about earthworm droppings
at breakfast.
Go around.
Why do you always have to...
- Arrgh!
- Oh!
Always go clockwise!
That's our new system!
Never mind.
This is getting cold.
And we can't afford
any bad reviews.
We can't go out there
wearing cranberry juice.
What would our guests
think of that?
Love. I hate to ask.
But would you mind taking this
to the gentleman in the corner?
All you have to do is
set the plate down on the table.
smile. and walk away.
Yeah. of course.
You?
Good morning to you as well.
You didn't spit in my food.
did you?
What are you doing here?
What does it look like?
I'm a guest.
In one of these rooms?
Yeah. that's usually
how it works.
Are you stalkin' me?
- No!
- I thought you might be.
I didn't buy that whole
"I'm not interested" bit.
I'm staying here. too.
What. the callahans
are your host family?
Yeah.
Shouldn't you be at some
boujee hotel with your harem?
What are you talking about?
This is boujee.
It's posh. The cooking's great.
And the service is even better.
Usually.
Hmm. Oh. I have to go
to orientation. so enjoy.
Well. I'll be staying here
for the next few months
while we film.
So. no sneaking up
into my room. young lady.
Oh. don't worry.
I'm not supposed to
bother the guests.
Even if they bother me.
What do you have against me?
I am trying to stay focused.
And I just don't think
you're gonna help with that.
- And how would you know?
- I see the news.
Well. maybe things aren't
always as they seem.
I know your type.
I'll see you later. frankey.
Hmmm. It's Finley.
but good-good try.
Um. Why is Beckett rush
in the dining room?
What? Nooo.
No. that's definitely him.
You can't tell anyone.
Beckett rush is in my house.
I'd never even heard of him
till yesterday.
Of course. you didn't.
You're such a dad.
He's only like. the biggest
movie star in the world.
She's got posters of him
in her room.
Ah. that's why I recognized him.
Nora. dear.
Do you have any jam
for the scones?
Yes. sure. love.
Just made it fresh yesterday.
Ah! Brilliant.
Cheers.
Your daughter has lost her mind.
This is exactly why
I didn't want to tell her.
Now. Not a word.
We have promised him
to keep it quiet.
The whole town
is gonna find out.
Well. it's not gonna be
because of us.
We are going to give him
a place away from the press.
If they find out.
the b&b could be at risk.
We can't afford a bad review
from an international celebrity
right when we're starting out.
Oh. shite!
I heard the heart slayer
is staying at your b&b?
See. the whole town knows.
and I can't say a word.
Don't worry. Irish small towns
are good at keepin' secrets.
The people here
won't let it out.
Yeah. and if they do.
my parents'll lose
their entire life savings.
and I'll end up in an orphanage.
Your mom is going to be
washing his sheets.
How insane is that?
Not the first thing
that came to my mind. but yes.
Hey. maybe Beckett
will ask you to the dance.
Right. The hottest guy
in the whole world
is gonna break up
with Taylor risdale.
Look me in the eye and say.
hey. Emma.
will you go out with me?
No one has ever
even asked me to it.
Bull. What's this dance?
It's the big town festival
that happens every Autumn.
It's where all of our parents
fell in love.
It's disgusting.
It's amazing.
The whole town comes out for it.
Outside. under the lights.
It's so romantic.
Or depressing.
Guys are already
startin' to ask.
Well. maybe this is your year.
Yeah. maybe.
Any lads you fancy yet?
It's just my first day.
Maybe Beckett will ask you.
I think he prefers his snooty
celebrity soirees.
Not really my type.
Dragons!
To the bottom lines.
Archers. at the ready!
Oriana!
My love!
Come with me. I'll protect you.
My bow!
Stay close.
Hurry up. keep going.
If you save me.
my father might
finally accept our love.
my one true knight.
Duck!
More dragons.
We have to go. now!
I am Steele markov.
son of talagorn.
May this arrow be true.
and find the heart
of this beast.
Cut!
Okay. guys. back to.
How was that? Did you feel it?
Yeah. Sure.
Beck. Beck. Beck. Beck. Beck.
How are you. man?
Okay yeah. everything good?
- Yeah.
- What the bloody hell
was that? Huh?
I just thought I'd try something
a little more subtle. you know?
Subtle? Can you amp it up. man?
- I can amp it up.
- Great. Okay. good.
Because. if not. my friend.
I am afraid.
we're going to have to
kill off your character.
I am joking.
I no serious.
I make a joke. used to feel.
Okay. he can do it. guys.
He's okay. Let's go.
He can do it. I think.
Back to one!
Take 17.
You okay?
- Yeah.
- All right. good.
Hey. listen. I heard
the studio is considering
a trilogy of Steele markov
spin-off movies
for you and Taylor.
So. you'll finally be getting
paid what you're worth.
plus back end.
So. you know.
just give him what he wants.
Yeah. Yeah.
Don't screw this up.
Okay. uh.
Just give me some space. Okay.
Yes. whatever you need.
I'm here for you. All right.
Thanks.
So one more like that.
please. -
- It's just me.
- Oh. come in. Nora.
Finley. I'm sorry.
but we can't take you
to the cliffs of moher
this weekend.
Sean has to fix a heater
and re-tile a bathroom.
so I have to do the hosting
while he's workin'.
Oh. that's.
Yeah. that... that's okay.
But I got you a bike
down at the shops today.
So. you can use that
to get around town at least.
Thank you. Yeah. No.
You know. we.
I have plenty of time
to see the rest of the country.
so.
Aye. plenty.
Listen. I was. um.
Cleanin' up in here
a few weeks ago.
gettin' the place ready for you.
And I found this
under the dresser.
It's Alex's journal
from when he was here.
I didn't.
Pry or peek or anythin'.
But. Maybe just a little.
Enough to see it's. Got
all his drawings and writings.
It's old fashioned like.
Yeah. he was like that.
I was gonna send it to your mom.
But. Then I just thought
I'd give it to you.
I. I wouldn't want it
to get lost in the post.
Thank you. Nora.
This is. Amazing.
He was always workin'
on those drawings.
Now you can see all the things
he loved here.
Yeah. um. he was so at peace.
you know. when he.
When he came back.
and. He was just
an amazing brother.
He was.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean
to bring up sad memories.
It's okay.
Are you done yet?
I don't like dead bodies
near my feet.
Yeah. uh. are there more crosses
like this around here?
Yeah. like everywhere.
Oh.
Oh. come on. Finley.
I think something
just touched me.
Uh. yeah. I...
I got to get practicing anyway.
Good. Let's go.
Run! It's no bother.
Oh. sorry about that.
Have a good day.
Come on. Finley.
Okay.
Nora? You can just come in.
Wha... what are you doing?
You're pretty good
on that thing. you know.
You... heard me?
Yeah. Yeah. you play
like your personality.
And how is that?
Beautiful. but a bit stiff.
Hmmm. What are you doing
up here anyway?
I'm about to ask you a favor.
I'm about to say no.
And I'm about to ignore that.
I need some help
running my lines.
like somebody to work off with.
No.
How can you say no
to this face? Huh?
Oh. I am up-to-date
on all of my shots
and immune to everything.
Oh. come on. Frankie.
It's Finley.
No wonder you don't
remember your lines.
Look. uh.
Things have been tough on set.
And my scenes aren't going well.
I'm... I'm in my head.
and I need something new
to break me out of it.
Yeah. I. I know all about that.
Oh. cool drawing.
Do you do this?
Uh. no. uh. hey.
I did not say you could come in.
Why? Are all your deepest.
darkest secrets in there?
No. this is my brother's
from when he spent time here.
I just... I can't get
this cross out of my mind.
I mean. why would he write
my name at the bottom of this?
Have you seen this anywhere?
Yeah. there's crosses like that
all over the place.
No. I...
I need to find this one.
So why don't you just text him
and ask him where it is?
He's. Dead.
Oh! Uh. wow.
I'm sorry.
I didn't. I didn't know.
Uh.
What happened?
Um. I don't really
talk about it.
Especially not with
Steele markov. the heart slayer.
Well.
I'd like to think I'm
a little bit more than that.
If you ever wanna talk.
I'm here.
Seriously.
Well. not here
in this room. exactly.
'Cause I'm not allowed in.
We could talk downstairs
or. Wherever you want.
Okay. let's go.
Where?
Run your lines.
Really? 'Cause we don't have to.
Oh. come on.
before I change my mind.
Oriana. we must find a way.
Don't give up on us.
My father is the king.
He won't allow anything
to interfere with his conquest.
He's going to marry me off
to the prince of moor.
He'll kill you
if you get in the way.
Well. I'd rather die loving you
than live without you.
My heart can't handle
living a lie.
Come on.
- I'm sorry.
- Okay.
- It's so bad.
- Okay! Okay. okay. okay.
Just give me a minute here.
I got to find it.
Right.
Okay. uh.
Oriana. we must find a way.
Don't give up on us.
Uh. I'm doing it to protect you.
My father is the king.
He won't let anyone
interfere with his conquest.
I'll find a way.
He's going to marry me off
to the prince of moor.
If you get in the way.
they'll kill you.
I'd rather die loving you
than live without you.
My heart can't handle
living a lie.
How was that?
Um.
That was... that was great.
Uh. Not stiff at all that time.
Uh. I need to.
I need to go to bed.
I have class tomorrow. so.
Oh. that sounds amazing.
Yeah. you should
try it sometime.
I wish I could.
I mean.
I'd love to go to college.
Yeah. well. uh.
Hey. um. thanks for this.
Seriously. you were great.
Yeah. any time.
Night. Francine.
As part of
your Irish studies class.
you must complete
a service project
in order to see this country
from a different perspective.
So. each one of you will be
adopting a senior citizen
from one of the nearby
nursin' homes.
You will spend at least 20 hours
with your new friend.
and you will do what you can
to serve them during this time.
At the end of the semester.
you will be expected
to turn in an essay
outlining what you have
learned from this experience.
So. thank you
so much for coming down to help.
You'll find her
right through here.
Okay. thanks so much.
Hello. Mrs. sweeney. - Get out.
Oh. I'm. I'm Finley sinclair.
I don't care if you're
the blessed virgin Mary.
Get out!
Uh. uh. I. I was actually.
I'm. I'm here from the college.
I was assigned to you. I'm just.
I don't need schoolgirls
pestering me.
I'll give you three seconds
to remove yourself.
One. two. three.
Nurse!
Um.
Nurse! - No. no. no. It's okay.
Fil. Fil til.
What's going on here?
I have an intruder!
Don"t you remember
our conversation. cathleen?
What about?
Me eating more prunes?
The one about you
being civil to people
who come to visit you.
I don't need any visitors.
I didn't last year
or the year before.
and I don't today.
You know what? I. I'm sure
I can get reassigned.
It was. I'm sorry.
It was really nice to meet you.
But can't you just give me
some other old person?
Please. I mean.
she's a crazy witch.
If I reassign you.
then I'm gonna have to
make allowances
for all the other students.
And I'm not gonna
deal with that.
But she doesn't want me
or anyone else there. please.
The staff wouldn't have
assigned her a student
if she didn't need it.
Is. Isn't there just a food bank
or an orphanage or just.
Anything else?
This is the assignment.
If you choose not to do it.
you won't pass
your Irish studies class.
L. I need to get
a good grade on this.
Then you'll have to go make
broomsticks with the witch.
Cheers.
Hello again. Mrs. sweeney.
[. I think we got off
to a bad start the other day.
Ho. how. How many times
do I have to tell you
to leave this bloody room?
Oh. I can't do that.
Mrs. sweeney.
But we're gonna be friends.
I did bring pride and prejudice.
I don't like Jane Austen.
Hmmm. It's too bad.
And I don't want to spend
all that remains of my life
with the likes of yourself.
Hmm. okay. you know what?
I tried to get out of this.
but I can't.
I was really hoping
for a sweet old granny.
but I got stuck with you.
So that I can be good enough
to get into this music school.
I have one last chance
to audition in three months.
So. we're gonna be friends.
whether you like it or not!
Have you finished?
Hmmm-mm.
If this is what
young people have come to.
then the whole world is doomed.
I'm callin' the nurse.
Nurse!
Okay. Well. I'm not leaving.
"It is a truth
universally acknowledged
that a single man in possession
of good fortune..."
Nurse! Nurse!
"Must be in want of a wife."
Where's the nurse? "However."
- Nurse!
- What's all this noise?
She won't leave.
She's invading my privacy.
I want to remove her at once!
Did you enter
without her permission?
Yeah. Yes.
And did you refuse to leave
when Mrs. sweeney
asked you to do so?
Yeah.
Good on you. young one.
Cathleen.
you can shout all you like.
but Finley's welcome to stay.
Bye. ladies.
Um. if it's any consolation.
this went much better
in my head.
Humpf.
"It is a truth
universally acknowledged
that a single man in possession
of a good fortune must."
She calm down?
Yeah. she fell asleep.
I have to check on a resident.
Do me a favor and pop this
into her top drawer.
Cathleen always tells me
to throw her post away.
but I know
she just digs these letters
out of the bin and saves them.
No idea what it's about.
Hey. how was the nursin' home?
Well. that bitter old lady.
Mrs. sweeney. really hates me.
They've assigned you
cathleen sweeney?
Hmm-mm.
Who is this lady?
I wanna meet her. I bet you.
I could make her smile.
Not a chance.
Gather round!
Fresh scones!
Arrghh!
Damn it!
When are you going to learn?
Try a scone. guys.
Thanks. love.
Brilliant. Mr. Callahan.
Finally. something
we can agree on.
How's the movie going?
I know Emma wants to know.
Dad!
Well. it wasn't going well
until I started
running lines with Finley.
Now the director
can't stop complimenting me.
He says Steele markov
has come alive.
Ohh!
Do you think we could run
my other lines. tonight. maybe?
I. I really need to get to
my violin composition
at some point.
Well. I can work
around your schedule.
I mean. if you want to come
to set after class or.
Or... or we could work here?
Uh. there's nothing special
about what I did.
Anyone could have done it.
- Thank you. Nora.
- Hey. uh.
Do you think we can go to the
cliffs of moher this weekend?
I am so sorry. honey.
I feel terrible.
These scrapbookers
are here all weekend.
We can't leave.
- It's okay.
- Well. I could take you.
Uh. no.
Fil. Fil. Ti just
go with them when they can.
All right.
Let me know
if you change your mind.
Tom.
- Taken.
- Francis.
- Shaun.
- Taken.
- Why?
He has a micro scooter.
- Does he?
- Yes.
I can see the look in the eyes
when young ladies
are thinkin' about the festival.
I hear the fellas
are startin' to ask.
Molly runs the pub.
Oh. hi! Finley.
Hey. it's where
I met me husband.
A magical night.
See. it's like everyone.
Hey. I've been asked
a couple of times.
Of course you have.
You'll be there. Emma?
I mean. I know it's been
difficult for you in the past.
I mean. it was so sad. seeing
you alone last year. but.
I mean. I can help you out.
if you want.
But. I just got cast
in the new Beckett rush film.
so. I just have to run on set
and shoot some things
with Beckett and Taylor.
But I'll. See you guys around.
Get away from my shop.
you old drunk.
Come on. Relax. Aileen.
- Run.
- I was. I was gonna buy a book.
Have you got any of those
romantic novels for sale?
- Get out of here. Go.
- All right. I'll leave.
I'll leave.
I'll leave. I'll leave.
And but I won't come back here
buy me books here anymore.
You're scaring my customers.
Well. good afternoon.
young ladies.
Any chance
of the price of a pint
for a local struggling musician.
who places his art
above all else?
Look. I would. Seamus.
But I only have
1.47 and a lollipop.
Uh. Well. it's a start.
Seamus. go sleep it off
in the back of the pub.
Ah!
You're right. Molly.
Thanks. but no thanks.
Ladies!
Got to take care
of me best customer.
and tonight's
musical entertainment.
He's been nappin' here
in the streets for years.
He's got a little cottage
up the road.
but he rarely makes it
back there at night.
What can you do?
It's his life.
He'd rather buy fiddles
than pay the bills.
Oh. I better help him.
Good luck!
A convertible in Ireland?
Yeah. I want to be ready
for the three days a year
it doesn't rain.
What are you doing?
I was actually
looking for that cross.
Oh. you're not gonna
find it here.
How do you know?
'Cause I already checked.
Oh. Okay.
But listen. I'm a little
worried about you
hangin' out in graveyards
like this.
It's pretty creepy.
So. I'm gonna offer you a deal.
Not interested.
Just hear me out. okay.
You help me with my lines.
and I'll be your personal
tour guide.
Show you
all the sights of Ireland.
Huh? Come on.
It'll help sweet Mrs. Callahan
feel less guilty
that she can't take you around.
Totally harmless.
Trust me. - No. I don't.
No. no. no. no. no.
I. I'm merely
a humble tour guide.
And for a limited time only.
I'm gonna offer you a free tour.
Just to make sure you know
you're getting
the better end of the deal.
So. come on. Let's go.
I'm taking you
to the cliffs of moher.
I can't. We can't go now.
Don't you have
a photoshoot to do?
No. I told them I had to
help my boring friend
learn how to have some fun.
Come on. Finley.
Take a risk.
You never know if
you're gonna have tomorrow.
Okay.
Here we are.
at the cliffs of moher.
And what's that?
This is my disguise. young lady.
Pretty inconspicuous.
don't you think?
Breathtaking cliffs ahead.
and you're taking pictures
of grass. come on.
Well. there's not
that much of it in Brooklyn.
Is that Beckett rush?
Ugh. I was hoping for
just one day without this.
Can we please get a selfie?
Oh Johnny. don't you worry
about that nasty rash you have.
I still love you.
- What is she saying?
- Oh franny. my dear.
Don't you think
we ought to get married?
I think it's only right
after you gave me those twins
at the ripe young age of 16.
I'm an unwed mother?
I'm a diseased baby daddy.
What do you want from me?
I think we should leave it.
Okay. they're gone.
You can let go of my hand now.
You were holding on to me. Okay?
Hmmm.
Whatever. That was close.
Thanks a lot for protecting me.
No problem.
So. what's the big deal
with these cliffs anyway?
Just you wait.
Come on. hurry up. hurry up.
Come on. come on. come on.
Ah! See.
Now this. This is Ireland. huh.
It's wild. It's amazing. it's.
- Beautiful.
- I know.
& don't be scared j
j yeah you'll see j
j we can play &
all right. come on.
There's better views up ahead.
Come on. Come on.
come on. come on.
J;' Yeah. here we go j
Can I ask you
a personal question?
Do you even really like
being a movie star?
I mean. who wouldn't. right?
It's not what I asked.
What was it like
going to high school?
Eh. it's. It's grueling.
and fun and weird.
all at once.
That sounds amazing.
Oh. yeah.
No. I mean it. You're lucky.
Well. didn't you
go to school on set?
Usually. it was just me.
Sometimes. a few other
child actors and a tutor.
But. No prom.
No graduation.
No embarrassing gym class.
Do you regret missing out on
that?
I regret a lot of things.
I bet those birds
don't regret anything. though?
They're just. Free.
I don't know. I guess sometimes
I just miss blending in.
being normal. you know.
There's the real Beckett.
Rolling. quiet.
no moving around. turn over.
Three. two. one. Action!
“Wow!
I'll have someone tell him
you're here.
Oriana. it is not yet wise
to reveal your magical powers.
Indeed.
I will keep the men
until the time is right.
Just like our love.
Cut!
Oh! Taylor. Beckett.
really great.
You are marvelous. my dear.
Finley!
Hey. what are you doing here?
Did you sneak onto set?
I mean. I'm not
going to tell anybody.
No. Beckett invited me.
I wonder what my girl Taylor
will have to say about that.
Finley! Hey!
- Hey!
- You made it!
So. uh. what do you think. uh?
It's amazing.
- Yeah.
- Hey babe. who's this?
Finley. this is Taylor.
Uh. she's here to help me out.
Kind of like an acting coach.
So.
How kind! Ahem.
So. what other actors
have you worked with before?
I actually haven't worked
with any other actors before.
This is my first time on set.
but it seems pretty cool.
She's a real natural though.
Interesting.
We should probably go run the
lines for the next scene.
Come on. Finley. this way.
It's a real honor
to meet you. Taylor.
The pleasure is all mine.
Come on. this side.
Tired from working
on set all day?
Me. no! I am perfectly fine
'cause I did nothing.
Well. that's what usually
happens on a movie set.
Nobody does anything. Oh!
Uh. is this
one of your girlfriends?
Yeah. No. it's. uh.
- Beckett!
- My manager.
They got me staying here
tonight.
My hotel suite won't be ready
until tomorrow.
Oh. hello. and you are?
Hey. uh. Finley sinclair.
I'm Beckett's father.
Montgomery.
Oh! It's. So nice to meet you.
It is an absolute pleasure
to meet you.
Did you get those scripts
that I over-nighted?
Yeah. the. uh. first two
dawn of the dragon spin-offs?
You read them?
Not yet. I've been kind of busy.
Yeah. the. uh. studio
is really. really.
in love with
what you're doing on set.
So. they made an official offer.
It's strong.
Five movies over seven years.
Oh!
I don't know though.
Don't you think
it's time to maybe
branch out a little?
To what?
We're building an empire here.
To something that shows
what I can really do.
I mean. I want to do something
more than just sword fighting
and outrunning fireballs.
Oh. but you're so good at it.
That's what the fans wanna see.
Right? Isn't that right?
You have a very small window
to capitalize on this.
Yeah. uh. I'll think about it.
for sure.
Right now. we gotta
cash in on these sequels.
So. hurry up
and read those scripts.
All right. Let's do it.
- Yeah. I will. I will.
- Yeah.
Do they come out
and get your bags here or.?
No. Uh. don't worry.
I've got it. dad.
Okay. great.
So sorry to bore you
with all of that.
I want to hear all about you.
Where are you from?
- Uh. New York.
- New York?
The big apple.
Good morning. Mrs. sweeney.
And how are we today?
I brought a twilight book.
Who are you?
Belinda did warn me that
you might pretend to be senile.
Ah! I don't want the sun.
Oh. that explains it.
The vampires
have gotten to you. too.
You'll really like this book.
I decide what I like.
"It was 75 degrees in Phoenix.
"The sky a perfect
cloudless blue.
I was wearing my favorite shirt.
sleeveless..."
It's cold. I want to go inside.
Ah.
You know. Mrs. sweeney. uh.
Who is Fiona Doyle?
What?
That's none of your business.
Oh. yeah. I just. I thought
that maybe I could help you
find the right address.
I have the right address.
- Then why?
- I don't want to discuss it.
Okay.
You've been snooping
in my drawers.
Uh.
What's up. ladies?
Groovy day.
don't you think. man?
Hmm. Convincing.
Do you need directions
to Woodstock?
Whoa. whoa. sister!
Give peace a chance.
Mrs. sweeney.
this is Beckett rush.
He's an actor in dragon movies.
Mrs. sweeney.
it's very lovely to meet you.
I've heard a lot about you.
Yes! I've seen you
on television.
You're in love
with the Princess.
Um. hey.
I brought you some treats
because I know they're not
givin' you the good stuff here.
Although I know it's
nothing like your cooking.
You're probably a wiz
in the kitchen.
Baking is my specialty.
Sugar and spice. my kinda lady.
Huh!
You really
can't turn it off. can you?
There's nothing wrong with
spreading a little cheer.
Come on. make love. not war.
Tell me.
when did you start acting?
Uh. I was seven years old.
My father got me into it.
No!
Do you ever do any acting?
Oh. yes.
What was your first role?
At school. I played
the white rabbit.
The white rabbit.
You look kinda like
the white rabbit.
You're funny. You're a twit.
Mwah. - Aww. Thank you so much.
All right. thanks
for letting me stop by. guys.
Okay. Peace out.
Peace.
He's a fine young man.
He's a total player.
Ah! Don't tell me I don't know
what I'm talking about.
He's a good boy.
I can spot a bad one
a mile away.
Now. carry on reading your book.
"In the olympic peninsula
of northwest Washington state."
Let's go.
Thank god we've kept Beckett
hidden from them so far.
Hey.
Do you know much
about Mrs. sweeney?
I don't like to say things
if I've got nothing nice to say.
Well. she's not that bad.
No. she's not bad.
She's terrible.
So then. who's Fiona Doyle?
Her sister.
Oh.
Mrs. sweeney really wants
to get in touch with her.
What happened there?
I heard cathleen sweeney
stole her own sister's fiancé.
I mean. who would do
such a thing?
I'm saying no more.
Then. she left him. a few years
after they get married.
He was heartbroken.
They say he drank himself
to death not long after.
That's it. I'm saying no more.
But if Mrs. sweeney
is the man stealer.
then why is she the one
that's so bitter?
Just gettin' what she deserved.
I guess.
It's your friendly
Irish tour guide.
Ah! Hey!
Let's take this out of your
hands.
Um. let's actually be
really careful with that.
Oh. we don't really need it
because I have got
the rest of the week off.
and it's time
for your next tour.
We're about to have ourselves
some real Irish fun.
It's not a good idea
for me to be going out
to one of your
exclusive nightclubs
or whatever it is you do.
And who says that
I'm into nightclubs?
Uh. every tabloid in
the supermarket checkout line.
Well. don't believe
everything you read.
Beckett.
I-1 really have to practice.
Hey. as your tour guide.
it's my job
to make sure you don't spend
all of your time in Ireland
cooped up in this room.
It's what you find
outside of this place
that's gonna help you
write your try-out song.
It's a composition.
Whatever. God. you are
so uptight.
No I'm not.
Oh yeah. you kind of are.
Fine. Where are we going?
You will see. milady.
Come on. let's go.
Ahem. I'm not even dressed!
No. no. you are perfect
just the way you are.
Come on. let's go.
We're gonna be late.
Wait.
This is my favorite place
in all of Ireland.
This is exactly
what I was afraid of.
Trust me.
Oh! Good golly. Mrs. Molly!
I've missed you!
If it isn't me favorite fella!
Finley! - Hi. Molly.
Give everybody a round on me!
Drinks are on me.
Cole. you stand guard
at the door.
Make sure no reporters
get in here.
Beckett rush rules! No pictures!
These guys are great.
Where's Seamus?
Uh. he's already
had a few pints.
Looks like it's time
to wake him up then.
Come on. You could learn
a thing or two from this guy.
What am I gonna learn from him?
He's like. Homeless. And drunk.
You'll see. Don't worry.
Seamus!
Oh Molly. let me just
crash here tonight. will you?
Oh. you can
crash with me any time.
Oh. it's you. boy.
What do you want?
Well. what do you think I want?
I want you to get this party
started!
I brought this
American girl here
to show her some real Irish fun.
We can do that.
“Whoo!
He's great.
Oh. I'm told we've got
a fine young Fiddler player
can you go up
and give us a tune. please.
No. no. no.
I-1-1 don't play fiddle.
I play the violin.
Oh. fiddle. faddle. fuddle.
whatever you call it.
it doesn't matter.
Come on up here
and join us. lass.
Oh. come on. go up there.
- Come on.
- Come on. girl!
We won't bite ya!
Come on.
Give her a round
of applause. everybody.
I'm going to kill you.
Yeah. That's fine.
Just. After you play.
Now. repeat after me.
Now. you're in a pub in Ireland.
not in an orchestra.
Enjoy yourself.
Doesn't matter what your fingers
or the notes are.
It's how you play them. right.
Play them with your heart.
Play it like you feel it.
If you feel it. they will.
Do you love that instrument?
- Yeah.
- Then show them you love it.
and then you'll have them
wrapped around your finger.
All right. Here we go. boys.
That's it.
All right.
Hey! Well done! Well done. dear!
Great stuff. great stuff.
Oh. you did great.
Now I hope you'll come
and join us again next week.
There's a Fiddler in there.
and we need to let her out.
You know the name.
show what's inside in you.
What's your name?
Finley sinclair.
Finley. Now that means
“fair warrior...
No wonder you were brave enough
to come on stage with us.
Well. that's pretty interesting.
What's my name mean. Seamus?
Beckett. it means.
uh. bee cottage or bee hive.
Means you're probably descended
from a long line
of irritating pests.
And wow!
That was absolutely amazing.
I've never heard
anything like it.
He plays with
everything he's got.
Not bad for a homeless
old drunk. huh?
I stand corrected.
Wow. you are really beautiful
when you admit that I'm right.
Did you plan this?
No. not at all.
Okay. Maybe a little.
Thank you. That was sweet.
Sneaky. but. Still sweet.
Finley sinclair.
you're actually not so bad
when you decide
to have some fun.
You're not so bad yourself.
But we can't get involved.
No. definitely not.
I couldn't possibly
be a good guy.
And I'm trying
to be a good girl.
And we don't even
like each other.
We're just too different.
It would never work.
It'd be impossible.
Wow! Thank you.
That was actually a lot of fun.
But. um. we should probably
keep tonight between you and me.
I don't want you to get
dragged into the public eye.
Of course. probably just another
meaningless kiss
for you anyway. so...
No. it. It wasn't.
Trust me.
I don't.
Goodnight. fair warrior.
Goodnight. bee cottage.
Get in here. I saw that!
What is going on with you two?
You can't say
anything to anyone.
You kissed him?
You did? You kissed him.
I can't even barely
still talk to him.
and you kissed him.
My sister kissed Beckett. Shhh.
Definitely keep this
from my parents.
It's rather obvious.
You two have been
all googly eyed for each other
the last few weeks.
But I'll keep it classified.
Especially from mom.
What planet
do you think I live on?
A blind man
could see that comin'.
Really. it's-it's
probably nothing.
I mean. I don't even think
he meant anything by it.
Either way. this can't get out.
If it does. there's no way
he's still staying with us.
And I don't want any
late-night shenanigans.
Your mother would have my hide.
Hmm.
Would you look at that?
They look good together.
J everybody holds the moment j
j everyone chases the day j
j you can see it
if you close your eyes j
j we already know the way j
J forever you and me j
- Finley. I'm warning you.
- I'll go to work
if you don't have the money.
& running wild and free
chasing down inside &
; Oh we just begun &
j it's rhyme and roll
around the place I
j as we will go &
you really showed him
this time still
that dragon won't be back
in any hurt.
Oh. you can say that. Arthur.
Oh. Steele.
our dragon seems to have
struck the deal with them
whereby they are.
What? Arthur. what?
Spit it out!
This place is super cool.
one of my favorite spots.
You gotta go under
for good luck. Quick.
Okay. so this is called
the 'miracle pride'.
You had fun today? Yes.
So. what do you think about
letting your tour guide
take you on a date?
J we will go &
seems harmless enough.
Well. it was either this or
fish and chips at the pub. so.
Wow. this is so much better.
How did you do all of this?
Well. I had a little bit
of help from some friends.
My lady.
Hello.
- Hi!
- There you go.
Thank you so much. Ciara.
You are very welcome.
Have a good night.
Thank you. Ciara.
See you guys.
Well. bon appetit.
You have to try this. okay.
Just come here. come here.
Trust me.
All right.
Make sure you're in there.
- Um...
- Good?
Yeah. uh. are you sure
you know what you're doing?
Don't worry about it.
I grew up on these things. okay.
Um. yeah. I-the problem is.
I'm just.
heights?
Here I come.
It's not so bad. is it?
- Yes. it is.
- We're flying. Finley. come on.
Oh. he's so good at this.
I wonder why. Legs up. leg's up.
Let it spin. let it spin.
There you go. you did it.
Just don't look down.
See.
Okay.
I got you. I got you.
See. that wasn't so bad now.
was it?
No. it was fun.
So. what do you want to do
if you ever stopped acting?
It's a waste of time
to even think about it.
It's not really an option.
Well. what if it were?
Maybe go to college.
Study history.
I just want to live
a normal life for once.
Wouldn't you miss
all your dragons?
My love. you're injured.
It's only a flesh wound
from a dragon's claw.
It will heal.
I cannot say the same
for your father's castle.
You have defended it valiantly.
I believe in you.
I believe in us.
I will fight for your love
until the end of time.
Cut!
Print! Moving on!
Taylor. very special.
Thank you. my darling.
you my frame.
You are so money. Fantastic.
How did you do it?
You're 100% animal.
0% vegetable.
Gorgeous.
It's. Delicious.
You taste of victory.
I need a little
sparkling water. please.
I felt that. Beck.
Thanks. tay.
You did great too.
Very strong performance. son.
Thanks. dad.
They were crying at the monitor.
Seriously.
Does that feel good?
Yeah. yeah. it felt great.
I1t should.
Yeah. everyone's very
impressed with your work.
You have a lot of leverage
right now.
You should really
sign those contracts.
I guess.
Hey. you're trending.
Have you seen the article?
No. I was busy.
With your assistant?
No. Just busy.
Hm-mm. Here it is.
"Beckett rush
was spotted in Dublin.
"The heartthrob spent
the evening with two models
"at the exclusive emerald lounge
until Taylor risdale showed up.
"discovered the tryst.
and a cat fight broke out.
R 'n ris officially
on the rocks."
Yeah. and my name
is officially trashed again.
Your movie sales
spiked five percent.
You should be thanking me.
Um. so. you know.
things with the hippie guy
are going interesting.
Oh. and I'm still taking violin
lessons from Seamus. Of course.
he calls it the fiddle.
Oh. next time you come.
bring the fiddle.
I'd like to hear
if you're any good.
Yeah. I will.
Um. Mrs. sweeney.
I-l heard about what happened
between you and your sister.
No. stay out of my business.
I mean. you are just
the grumpiest woman
I have ever met
in my entire life.
I know something. you know.
made you that way. right!
And what they said you did is.
Well. it's pretty shady but.
No. no. you know what.
n-none of this makes sense.
I know that you care
about Fiona.
so I'm gonna help you.
no matter what.
I don't want your help!
Leave me alone!
What?
I'm dying.
Canceur.
I've only awhile to live.
Why didn't you say anything?
Hey! You're late.
I know. But I just.
I came from Mrs. sweeney and...
Let's just run the lines. okay.
Please.
Okay.
Umm.
Well. well. well. how is my
son's lovely assistant doing?
I'm more of an acting partner.
Oh. I used to be an actor.
I mean. things have changed
a lot since then.
I think it's so kind
how you sacrificed so much
for Beckett's career.
He was a natural.
I mean. he needed to be in la
to make his dream a reality.
I don't ever remember saying
I wanted to be an actor.
You did.
"Dad. I want to be in movies"
is exactly what you said.
I mean. I was six years old.
I also said I wanted to be
an astronaut and a giraffe.
Excuse me. Beckett.
they're ready for you on set.
I'll be right back. okay.
Actually. I need to leave too.
I could really use your help
on this scene after we shoot.
I need to do something
for Mrs. sweeney.
Beck. we need you on set.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Finley. Hey!
You seem like
a really nice girl.
And I just don't want you
to get your hopes up.
This kind of thing happens
all the time.
Uh. What-what
do you mean by that?
I just suggest you keep things
very professional with Beckett.
He's with Taylor.
Is he that. I just. it doesn't
really seem like he is.
No. they'll be back together
again very soon.
Oh. okay.
So. you manipulate his career
and his love life?
His love life is his career.
So. if you really
care about him.
Don't get in the way.
- Seamus!
- Hey!
No broom; No broom. Huh!
Finley?
What are you doing here?
I-1-i need you to tell me
where Fiona Doyle lives.
Fiona?
What are you doing with
those bickering old ladies?
I-I need to help Mrs. sweeney.
Why? No one else ever has.
I know. I know.
And that's what
I don't understand.
Why does everyone
hate her so much?
Cathleen sweeney.
Cathleen
was an absolute stunner.
She was the best-looking girl
in the town.
And it was no surprise that she
was able to lure Charles sweeney
away from
her sweet little sister.
When he died shortly
after cathleen had left him.
the whole town blamed her
and she had not a friend left.
She was shunned by everybody.
even by her own family.
Now. no one wants the opinion
of an old fiddle player.
Between you and I.
I think there was more going on.
It just didn't add up.
you know what I mean.
Here. show me your map.
Oh. I hate these things.
Sorry.
Look. she lives in a little farm
just outside of town.
Now it's a hell of
a bicycle ride up the hill.
but you never know.
we might be able
to figure something out.
Hmmm.
What time does Connor come by
to pick up the empty kegs?
He said he'd be here
half an hour ago.
He should be here any minute.
Thanks.
Uh. have you come for the pig?
Uh. no. Hi. I'm Finley sinclair.
I'm a friend of your sister's.
I don't have a sister.
Uh. please wait.
Cathleen"s dying of bone cancer.
She doesn't have much time.
She got what was coming to her.
Did she make you come here?
No. She has no idea
that I'm here.
Cathleen ceased to be my sister
the moment she went
after that man.
So now. good day to you.
So0. what? She's got only
a few weeks left to live?
I just...
I don't know what to do.
Now. miss sweeney won't talk.
and Fiona won't listen.
So. I'm stuck.
Our latest post just reached
a million likes.
I forgave you.
You know. it reminds me
of that picture
we took in Paris
when we were 15.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hey Beckett. Taylor.
they're ready for you on set.
Thanks.
Look. Finley.
can we just talk later?
Yeah. of course. yeah.
Hey. look at all these
articles about us.
Beckett rushes back to risdale.
R 'n r returns.
Beckett begs for Taylor
to come back. and she does.
This is very good for us.
Finley!
Finley. I called you
like a hundred times.
I'm trying to talk to you.
I'm busy. Running.
What? So. you just run away
when things get hard?
Not exactly a warrior.
I thought it wasn't safe
for you to be out here
without a disguise.
I'll be fine.
Hey! We need to talk.
Please.
About what?
You and Taylor hanging all over
each other on social media?
I told you it's not
what it looks like.
Okay. just trust me.
Are you and Taylor
together or not?
Hey!
Can we please have a picture?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Thank you.
- All right.
Did everybody get one?
Bye. thank you. bye.
Thank you. guys. see ya.
Finley!
Finley. Finley.
I'm trying to work through
all of this. okay.
But this is bigger than just me.
My life isn't always my own.
I mean. my father.
he has an entire team of people
organizing my public life.
You just don't understand. okay.
I have no control.
It doesn't answer my question.
Are you and Taylor
together or not?
Ouir first film together
didn't do so well.
The studio was about to lose
a lot of money.
And then. my dad came up
with this brilliant idea
of a stormy relationship
between Taylor and I.
It started with a lot of truth.
But then. my dad
just started making things up.
And before I knew it.
I had this whole other persona.
The worst part of it is.
it worked.
It saved the film.
So. it is all fake.
I can't be with a guy who has
this entire made-up life.
And I told you I can't do
anything about that right now.
I've always wanted to
ask a girl to a dance.
And this weekend. there's
the St. finian's festival.
And I would love it
if you would come with me.
In public?
Yeah.
No disguises?
No disguises needed.
although I am pretty good
at them.
But this time.
it would just be me. And you.
Okay.
Here. let me get a picture.
I'm good. Okay.
And. Smile.
Emma!
J when I woke up
I was all alone &
j of a day-l-ay-l-ay
j with a broken heart
and a ticket home &
look. Emma and orla.
Are you sure?
What are we doing standing here?
Let's go dance. come on.
Come on. let's dance.
Now folks. we're very fortunate
here tonight
to have with us
a lovely American girl
who's a very fine violin player.
But I have seen her develop
over the last few months
into becoming a great Irish
Fiddler.
Finley. come up here
and give them something
to dance to.
Come on. Get up here.
Let's go for it.
Two. three. four.
Orla. come on.
What a surprise to see you here
without Taylor.
Yeah. you know.
I couldn't believe my luck
when Finley said yes.
She's pretty talented.
wouldn't you agree?
Yeah. Indeed.
Yeah. you know what.
You'll have to excuse me;
I'm going to ask this young lady
for a dance.
May I have this dance?
Yes. she says yes.
Come on.
Thank you. Seamus.
They can hear your heart now.
Aww. you better go back
to your fella.
I can see he's gettin'
a bit lonely.
- You wanna dance?
- Do you wanna dance?
Ma'am. can I have this dance?
Can I have this dance?
Wow. now that was
a different girl up there.
Well. thanks to a certain
Irish tour guide.
No. no. no. thanks
to an old Irish busker
who was the best teacher
she could ever ask for.
So. how is your
Irish prom going?
Perfect. but there's
one thing I haven't done yet.
What's that?
Kiss a beautiful Fiddler
under a starry Irish night.
Well. too bad.
I played the violin.
Close enough.
Uh.
About four years ago.
After my brother got back
he was helping at this refugee
center in the middle east.
And uh. I guess he was just
at the wrong place
at the wrong time.
I'm so sorry.
Alex had this peace
about him though.
He was so alive.
I know it's probably
a stupid idea. but. uh.
I don't know. I thought
if I could come here
and see what he saw.
I could find what he had.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to drop all
of this on the dragon slayer.
Hey. I'd like to think
I'm a little bit more
than that by now.
Hmmm.
Yeah. you are.
Hey. you guys want to know
where Beckett rush is staying?
Yeah. sure.
Oh no!
That's him.
That's him. He's coming.
Beckett. who is this girl?
Is that your new girl?
- What does Taylor think of this?
- Get out of here.
Are you sure
you wouldn't like some tea?
With BlackBerry scones.
Or biscuits?
Very kind of you. but I.
Think I lost my appetite.
Taylor risdale is in my house.
Do you think maybe we
should give them some privacy?
Never! I've got to see this.
It's ridiculous.
You'd think they'd have enough
pictures of me already. Right?
This is a mess!
What the hell were you thinking?
What do you mean?
We just went out for a night.
What is so wrong with that?
I'm trying to save his career
before he pisses it away!
I'm trying to have a life
before you piss that away!
All right. I think
it's time to go to bed.
Long day.
Emma. orla.
Tea is here. If you want it.
Good night.
All right. This is how
I'm going to spin it. okay.
Beckett rush crashes
a small Irish festival
or whatever the hell it is.
You have one too many drinks.
You make girls' dreams come true
by giving them kisses.
That'll keep you wild. kind.
and still with Taylor.
The fans will eat that up.
How can you do this to him?
That's not who he is!
And how long have you known him?
You need to be quiet.
and step away from things
you know nothing about.
Beckett. she doesn't know you
the way that I do.
- He's just.
- Finley. that's enough. okay.
Son. you're the envy
of the world.
Why wouldn't you want that?
He just does this to please you.
Can't you see that?
He just wants to have
a normal life.
Maybe go to college.
Finley. just. Just stop!
You know what. maybe
Taylor's right.
Maybe you're never
gonna understand!
You're just his puppet.
You don't even have the balls
to stand up
for who you really are.
Hey. don't worry. Okay.
She just.
Can't understand our life.
It's for the best.
Will you guys
just leave me alone right now?
I'm telling you;
I'm warning yous
right now. get out of here.
The lot of ya.
Thanks so much. Nora.
Well played. Nora.
I really wish I didn't
have to leave you guys.
But you're never
gonna have any peace
with me staying here. so.
We'll miss you.
But you know you can come back
and be my sous-chef anytime.
Oh. Sean. I got you something.
No more burnt hands. huh!
I love them.
Thanks. buddy.
- Nora!
- Oh. sweetheart!
I'm gonna miss you guys.
Beckett. let's take a walk.
I'm sorry. I'm working.
I don't care. Come with me. Now.
Ciara. shenae. Logan.
everyone down there.
everyone in post
and marketing in la.
All these people
are your friends
who work on the movie.
they're here because of you.
They depend on you.
Your movies sell.
which provides
for their families.
If you're not gonna do this
for you or for me.
at least do it for them.
And Taylor.
You've grown up together.
You've been through a lot.
She's the only person
on this planet
who truly understands
what you've been through.
It's just not like you
to betray people.
I'm so sorry.
It's fine. It's fine.
It's fine.
It doesn't matter.
Hello!
Finley. it's me. Seamus.
Oh. hey. what's up?
Can you come down to the pub
as soon as you can. please?
Uh. Yeah. sure.
Hey guys.
Ah. there you are. Finley.
Give him a chance.
Thank you. Seamus.
Hey!
Sorry about all that.
I just didn't think
you'd come if I called.
I've been thinking about you.
Your audition's next week.
Yeah.
Look. uh.
I'm sorry about the other night.
I screwed up.
Please. just give me
a little bit more time.
and I'll figure all this out.
If you wanna live
this double life.
I can't be a part of either one.
Look. it's harder
than it looks. okay.
I'm just trying to protect you.
I don't want you to
expose yourself to the media.
have your name dragged
through the mud like that?
Do you want that?
Yes.
If that's what
it takes to be real.
It's not just about me. okay!
I have a lot of people
depending on me.
and I don't wanna let them down.
Yeah. um.
You know. Taylor was right.
No.
I don't know
what I was thinking.
That this could work.
But-but we can. okay.
We can.
You just gotta trust me.
I tried.
Ah!
I mean. you're
probably the first girl
to ever break up
with Beckett rush.
So why am I crying so much?
You see. Finley.
life rarely works out
the way we plan it.
You've got to learn to play
the sorrow as well as the joy.
They are linked.
like day and night.
You can't have one
without the other.
Give it a go.
Very good. Good.
Beautiful.
Beckett's told me
you broke it off.
Are you suffering?
- You saw him?
- Hm-mm.
Make love. not war.
Love. Beckett.
Yeah.
My little troubles seem petty
compared to yours.
I asked you. I want to know.
He's a good boy.
Yeah.
It's hard to change.
Mrs. sweeney.
What really happened
between you and your sister
all those years ago?
I took my sister's fella.
No. don't give me that.
There has to be more to it.
People would tell ya otherwise.
“Well.
Being here in Ireland
has taught me to look deeper.
Things aren't always
as they seem.
My father was a gambler.
He'd bet on anything.
Horses. politics. the weather.
Eventually. we were
about to lose our house.
It would've killed my mother.
She. It had been in her family
for generations.
So. my father made a deal
with Mr. sweeney.
Which had a very high price.
Our family name
meant something then.
Charles sweeney had money.
but he had no social standing.
My little sister
didn't have many suitors.
So. How did you end up
with Charles sweeney?
When Charles sweeney drank.
he got angry. He was violent.
I had an eye for these things.
He was clever.
Huh.
He left bruises
where you couldn't see.
So. You took her place?
You were protecting her.
and she never knew.
She thought
I took him for the money.
My sister was blinded
with young love.
How did Charles sweeney die?
People said I killed him.
Did you?
If wishes were bullets.
Why didn't you just start over?
When no one wants to hear.
it's better to hide.
Hide and be angry.
Well. didn't I wear my anger
like a grand fur coat!
It all was for nothing.
Wasted years!
In the end. it's a choice.
and I made the wrong one.
Hey.
Hey. I need a favor.
So. you called me first?
No. uh. I tried everyone else.
Last resort.
Okay. uh. what's up?
Mrs. sweeney
told me the whole story.
I have to get to Fiona's.
Where are.?
Did you try riding up there
in this rain?
Maybe. Perfect day
for a convertible.
All right. I'll be there.
Hey. uh.
we really need to talk to you.
It's important.
I have nothing to say to you.
She's just trying to help. okay.
Please. hear her out.
Thank you.
We just. Wanted to let you know
that cathleen isn't expected
to live much longer.
We've talked about
the past some. Her regrets.
How could you steal a man away
from your own sister?
She tried to explain herself.
In the letters.
Did you ever even read them?
Why would 17?
Miss Doyle. your sister
married Charles to protect you.
He was physically abusive.
How am I supposed
to believe all this?
Cathleen begged your father
to drop the arrangement.
But he was in too much debt.
and Charles was.
Too dangerous to cross.
It was so humiliating.
I'm really sorry about that.
But your sister
has been shunned for decades
for trying to help you.
and you won't even open
the letters that she... - Finley.
Look. miss Doyle.
Your sister's dying wish
is that she would
have your forgiveness.
Please. just.
Come and see her.
I think you two
should be on your way now.
- Hey!
- Hey.
Come in.
What's up? -
nothing. How are ya?
Pretty tired.
Yeah.
So. um.
Are you seriously thinking about
not signing that contract?
Uh.
I don't know yet.
Beck.
Look. we. uh.
We're in this together.
You and me. we're. We're linked.
Always have been.
What you do impacts me.
Please don't do this.
After everything
we've been through.
We need this. Yeah.
So. what are we supposed to do?
Just. Sacrifice our whole lives?
I don't know. It doesn't
make any sense to me.
So few. Understand this.
Life that we lead.
Does she really know you
the way I do?
Think about it.
I. Will be in my room.
If you wanna. Talk.
Hey. tay.
Yeah?
Um.
- Huh?
- Ah.
Would you ride your bike
in the pouring rain
just to help an old lady?
Of course.
But I wouldn't need to.
Just. Hire a driver.
I leave for New York tomorrow.
Hmmm.
It's crazy to think
that this one audition
is gonna decide
the direction of my life.
Yeah.
If you'd got in the first time.
You wouldn't be bugging me now.
Yeah. I guess that's true.
I'm glad you botched it.
That I couldn't get
your sister to come.
I-I really trieq.
I did everything that I could.
but she just.
she wouldn't listen.
I trust you did.
With everything that you did
for your father and your sister.
you are the bravest person
I've ever met.
You obviously
haven't met many people.
Just shut up.
You wouldn't have said that
a few months ago.
Yeah. um.
I guess Ireland
is just full of surprises.
Fact.
Bye. sweetheart.
Wind in your sails.
Can I have a word?
I'm not signing that contract.
Here's the deal.
I'll do one more film.
In the next six months.
And I don't care
how much money I make.
I'm not doing this for me.
Or for you.
I'm doing this
for the cast and crew
so they can prepare for life
after Steele markov.
That's my offer.
Take it or leave it.
As your manager.
I have to warn you that this is.
The most asinine thing
you've ever done.
I don't need
a manager right now.
I need a father.
So. You think it's good enough?
You are ready for your audition.
Thank you. Seamus.
for everything.
Now go and make them
stuck up music professors
tap their feet.
I will.
That's okay. I'll get it.
Emma. you take that.
Here's some soda bread
to bring to your mom.
We would have made more.
but we've been so busy.
Nonstop calls from people
wantin' to stay
in Beckett's room.
Imagine that.
Hello!
Oh. hey. What's up?
Did her sister ever come?
So she's all alone?
I have to go back.
Did you forget something?
What's wrong?
I need to be somewhere else.
Are you sure. Finley?
Yeah.
Am I too late?
No. You're just in time.
Cathleen. your sister's here.
Cath.
Fi.-
oh my god. Fiona.
We're old.
Yeah.
Where's-?
Finley. Come and sit with us.
Fi.
We're okay now.
Oh. my!
So. you're back in town.
Still driving this
ridiculous convertible. I see.
Yeah. I'm all ready
for the next sunny day.
In two months.
1. uh. I went to that cemetery.
I told you I'd find it.
Thank you. Beckett.
Sorry it took me so long.
I had to search every one
within a hundred miles of here.
I guess I was wrong.
Maybe I can trust you.
Well. you still look gorgeous
when you admit
that you're wrong.
So. what did you find?
Well. four years ago.
my brother drew this picture
for this moment
when I needed it most.
I couldn't see it then. but.
I was never alone.
Well. sometimes things
aren't always as they seem.
So. I didn't sign the contract.
What?
I'm going to do one more movie
just to help everybody out.
but then. Next fall.
I'm going to college.
Well. girls' hearts
will be shattered
all over the world.
Well. there's only one girl's
heart that I care about.
No more double-life either.
Tomorrow. a story's
going to hit social media.
telling the world
that Taylor and I are done.
Finally!
I'm happy about it.
Because there's a fair warrior
I wanna try and win back.
Finished the last few weeks
of my exchange program
and went home.
I told the conservatory
about Mrs. sweeney.
and they allowed me to
audition after the deadline.
one final time.
I was accepted.
Beckett visited.
And of course. we crashed
my old high school's prom.
That summer.
I went back to Ireland.
.And helped Beckett
with his lines
on his last dragon film.
Beckett began college
in New York.
He's trying to be a normal guy.
but he still needs
his disguises.
And. in Autumn.
at the conservatory.
I played the violin.
Or fiddle. as Seamus would say.